chore(api): callout delete warning in api similar to datastore (#4557)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/graphqlapi/js/mutate-data.mdx

Only an `id` is needed.

> <Callout>

Reviewer: We currently plan to add this in the CPK docs, wondering if we should align the phrasing here?

https://github.com/aws-amplify/docs/pull/4452/files#diff-4d957a94c2c999b5fb4f2dcb9748be613e4a2849b5893d54d7489199f4de504fR85-R90

Author: Updated the wordings to match CPK docs PR.

> In a many-to-many relationship, the children are not removed and you must explicitly delete them.

Reviewer 2: Is this the exact wording we use in the datastore docs?

```suggestion
In a many-to-many relationship, the related items, and join records are not removed and you must explicitly delete them.
```

Author: Yes, it is from datastore docs. Anyways I've updated the wordings to match CPK docs PR.
